# Final-Project-2
A convenience sample of one episode was used for this analysis. “Never Been Kissed”, which is the sixth episode of the second season, premiered on November 9th, 2010. The second season of the show marked a turning point in the narrative, becoming less about music and more about social issues. This episode is an example of that. Each conversation of the episode served as a separate unit of analysis. Thirty-three conversations were analyzed.

The first qualitative variable was the topic of conversation. The categories included music, relationships, social issues, and others. Music was used due to the show including various musical numbers in each episode. The analysis of music was used due to the show being a teen drama that covers relationships between characters. Social issues were analyzed due to the show’s covering of social issues throughout the episode.
The second qualitative variable was the tone of conversation. Categories included friendly, romantic, hostile, and violent. These categories were used to demonstrate the differences between the tone and topic of conversation and the violence regarding these conversations.
The third qualitative variable was the location of the conversation. This included the categories of the choir room, the hallway, the locker room, and any other location. This variable was used to show how public these conversations are, as well as how the tone and topic of conversation is affected by the location.
The first quantitative variable is the number of characters involved. This was analyzed in count form, as each respective conversation involved a certain number of characters. The mean was 4.18 with a standard deviation of 3.73. The minimum was 2 while the maximum was 14. The purpose of this analysis was to compare the number of characters involved and the tone and topic of the conversation.
The second quantitative variable was the length of the scene in which the conversation takes place. This was measured in seconds. The mean was 61.45 with a standard deviation of 51.24. The minimum was 4 and the maximum was 188. The purpose of this analysis was to determine how much running time is dedicated to certain topics, specifically social issues.
